Update Tomcat recommendation, update external links (#8245)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/installation/war.rst

Web archive
===========

GeoServer is packaged as a standalone servlet for use with existing application servers such as `Apache Tomcat <https://tomcat.apache.org/>`_ and `Jetty <https://jetty.org/>`_.

> .. note:: GeoServer has been mostly tested using Tomcat, and so is the recommended application server. Current versions of GeoServer require Tomcat version 9.x. This version is recent enough to implement Servlet 3 and annotation processing, but has not yet made the change from ``java`` to ``jakarta``, which `GeoServer has also not yet made <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/wiki/Jakarta-EE>`_. Other application servers have been known to work, but are not guaranteed.

Reviewer: actually it would be `javax`, 
```suggestion
.. note:: GeoServer has been mostly tested using Tomcat, and so is the recommended application server. Current versions of GeoServer require Tomcat version 9.x. This version supports Servlet API 3 and annotation processing that GeoServer implements, but has not made the change from Java EE to Jakarta EE, which `GeoServer has also not yet made, see:  <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/wiki/Jakarta-EE>`_. Other application servers have been known to work, but are not guaranteed.
```
